Remember,
please hit like and subscribe for me.
Thank you so much. Okay, let's go. Hi
everyone. Today is Thursday, January the
8th. I am back on the mainland of the US
of A and this is the Moneyball morning
report for the Benzinga Pro platform.
Taking a look at the E- Mini S&P this
morning. We've got sideways action. But
on the daily chart, oh that's weekly,
friend. What are you doing? Weekly chart
pretty sideways. Daily chart pretty
sideways as well. Upward trending
formations give us
dips being buy and they continue to be
buy zones. Here's what we have. we have
formations that are dampening. And so
dampening, if we use it as a weird geeky
math term, it tells us that the bounce
of the spring is slowing down. That's
what dampening is called. And so today
we might have ourselves a little bit of
a pullback into forward pricing
formations that sit around 6900. 6900 is
our line in the sand. If we hold 6911
somewhere around there we've got upside.
So you're like yeah Marie that sounds
great. How in the world am I going to
manage my risk if you are giving me
zones that are you know many points
deep? What are we looking for? So let's
think about the ideal setup for the day.
What do we have? daily chart upward
formations
grinding higher but giving those highs
away right into a higher low. So we know
dips are buys but they're not aggressive
breakout formations where we don't go
hey I'm buying the breakout. So that one
for me completely off the table on a
daily formation. Let's go to the 30
minute. We're going to zone all the way
in. Actually no let's do one better.
Let's go to the 4 hour so that we can
see what price action is giving us. So,
we've got a topping formation here, way
to the left, December 11th. Another
topping December the 26th and then one
more topping January the 7th. And so
that would be yesterday. So, what are we
staring down? Support areas. And if we
give them higher lows, my suspicion is
that we could Whoopsie.
we could come into 6911. So if I'm
saying, hey, what's my ideal trade for
the day? That's the bounce of $6,911.
If it does not come to me, there are
other places I can trade, but that's my
sweet spot. So, what will I do? I'm
going to put an alert there, right?
We're going to let it come in pretty
tight. I don't care how it comes in. I
just want an alert there. That's going
to be my happy place for the long in the
ES. If you're thinking to yourself,
well, wait a second, I like the short
because we're coming into the January
formations that tell us, hey, things are
going to break down. We already have
somewhat of a short in play. And that is
because we've broken down through the
inventory accumulation that occurred
in the last couple of days, right?
Wednesday and Tuesday's trading day.
So we could say if we bounce and we
cannot recover 6975
that makes for another sweet spot that
we can trade. So let's do that. Two
sweet spots ideal high on larger time
frames broken support. So old support
new resistance formations. We'll put an
alert right there. Right. What's the
goal? So the goal is every day come in
and find an ideal setup. So if you see
yourself playing in a space that is not
ideal, you can come back and say, "All
right, let me see what's actually going
on here. Let's pop this trend line
forward
and see where the trend break came
Wednesday." Right? This is our our 30
minute formation right now underneath
the 30-minute low. Inventory
accumulation sitting at 6961.
So, we could bounce. Take a look at the
sideways patch we've got going on.
Right, we've got the zerodt put support
6950, the zert call, resistance 69
85. Okay. And we've got ourselves a
couple of patterns that tell us, listen,
bounces are likely to be sell zones. Our
ideal 4hour formation still not sitting
anywhere near where price action is. So
we can sit and wait. You want a 30-hour
formation, 30 hour, 30 minute formation.
We just failed this edge. So we've got
resistance that became support that gave
us a higher high into support that
tested as resistance. and now likely to
bring us downward. So the trend
formation says, hey, we could easily
continue down into this ideal zone or we
could bounce right off our 6935
area that also creates a little bit of a
bottoming formation if we sit sideways.
So this could be an ancillary bounce,
though I don't like it as much. Right?
So, I'm going to put it all the way to
the edge of sensitivity. Make sure that
if it touches the zone, we know it
immediately. And we can watch for either
the continuation down to 6911 or the
move back up to 6975.
That's what we're staring down today.
Let's go to the NQ.
Start of the daily, right?
So, actually, no, let's start at the
weekly. Start the weekly. We can see
it's pretty sideways, right? very very
noisy but it's got upward trajectory. We
take a look at the daily. Same sort of
thing, right? We have a dampening
formation
with that dampening event. Um removed.
Let's remove this rate and let's go
here. We've got the dampening formation
that's still giving us higher lows, but
it looks a little bit more like lower
highs here, right? That doesn't mean
that anything other than that is the
formation that we're staring down.
momentum a little bit mixed. So, we see
the candlesticks retracing each other.
If we go to the 4our, we can see a
little bit more of that. And let me let
me do this. This looks a little bit
noisy to me. Yeah,
let's remove all the annotations. New
year. Let's do it again. So, we've got,
if we look at it on the 30 and we go way
back to the resistance zone, we've got
26,130
sitting at the top of the edge. You
know, I would not mind an alert up here.
Why? Gives me Oh, isn't that
interesting? It gives me a little bit of
an idea that price action is going to
sit at the top of this range for
resistance or it could give us a brand
new breakout. So let's let's use the
trend. And we can see the trend is
pretty sticky. We have a break down all
the way to here, but we are looking at
the same sort of motion that's given us
a dampening formation. Dips are still
buys, but they could be deeper. On the 4
hour, we don't see anything as pretty or
as
defined as what we saw in the ES in the
NQ. It's fairly jagged. And so what you
want to do when it's jagged is look for
those spots that have anchored VWAPs,
the base of gaps, anything like that. So
I'm looking at 25,600
or so. That's going to be an alert.
That's the dip buying event for our
4hour formation if we hold trend. Now
notice we don't we aren't very near the
trend line. The trend line could dip
much further down. we could really come
all the way to the anchored VWAP event
of
the close of January the 2nd. Right? So
that gives us 25,000
429.
Let's create an alert there.
Again, we are in a dip buying zone, but
our dips could be a little bit more
significant, right? They could be. What
are we staring down now in the
pre-market motion? If we see a rise into
the call wall at around 26,000,
we want to watch to see what's going to
go on there. I think that's a great
place for an alert. Now, is it an alert
long or an alert short? Well, based on
the past, most likely it's an alert
short. But if it comes down and tests
100 points below at this region of
frontline support, we could easily have
ourselves a nice bounce formation. And
that happens to be yesterday's anchored
VWAP closing event
at 25,890.
Okay. So, if I were setting this up and
it rose past 24,000, excuse me, 25,890,
I would expect that it would go the next
110 points to 26,000. If it doesn't,
that's your short. And the short action
takes us down to the frontline test of
25,598.
At which point, we say, "All right,
let's see if they defend that." If they
don't, we get 25,429.
If they do, that's the long zone. So,
the goal is if it comes in here and
price begins to bounce, then we've got
the long. So, we want to look for if and
then. Okay? It's not if we test it then,
it's if and. So, we look for price. We
look for the behavior of the traders at
price and then we engage. Okay, let's
take a look at Micro Bitcoin
85 uh 95,000 really giving this one the
business, right? 94,900.
Let's set an alert there right away. We
look at this 4hour chart from this
perspective.
Could it break out? Yes. Do I think it's
going to break out? No. But you guys
know I am naturally bearish on Bitcoin
events. Does mean I won't take it long.
What are we seeing? Let's zoom out. When
in doubt, zoom out. Here we are on the
weekly. What's the trend? Well,
[laughter]
that's higher.
Can't argue with that. So, dips or buys
on the weekly formations. We're in heavy
congestion.
And so, the break above 95,000 is going
to be a big deal. Where will the test
be? If it breaks above 95,000, we're
going to go to
We're going to test the big fat round
number of 100 more than likely and then
see where inventory god, these inventory
formations are so jagged.
uh 110
107. Those are going to be the zones we
want to watch. All right. If we go into
the daily, we can see what we've been
doing over the daily is just moving from
the bottom of support to the top of
resistance.
That gives us sideways pressure. So,
what are we looking for now that we're
near the bottom? We're looking for buy
zones that begin to hold themselves near
heavy congestion. So, what do we want?
Let's move this one.
Let's see where it is.
We like this sticky 86,000. That's going
to be a sweet spot buy if it holds.
Looks a trend line. That's our daily
trend line event. This looks like a flag
on the daily, right? We've got higher
highs kind of and higher lows. Let's put
an alert. Do we already have an alert on
this one? No.
Let's put an alert here. 95,000ish
breaks above there.
Very easily we could have a breakout in
the trend line to test the big fat round
number of 100,000. Right? You can see
the inventory in accumulation from the
daily perspective. If we go to our
30inut chart, it looks very bearish.
Right? Trend line formations look
terrible. We know support regions are
below. Here's all this inventory
accumulation.
Oh, this is a very nice runup here. So,
what we're going to do is put a line at
this zone near 90,990.
We're going to create an alert. What
that alert does is give us
an idea
that's going to show, all right,
something could happen here. What's the
alert tell us? Okay, the alert tells us,
listen, I've got downward trend,
downward momentum. I get up to 91,000. I
could easily
reject trend is down, momentum is in
negative territory. All of those things
telling us we've got downside pressure
events.
So, first things first, you could easily
say, I'm going to short it at 91,000 or
90,990
and your stop might be 91,050.
It's very messy. Okay, that gives us our
first sell zone event. Now, if it breaks
above that, then we get our buy point
right there at that 91,000 into 92,800.
But this anchor VWAP at 92,000 is going
to sit in the way. So, this is very
noisy. My thought would be if you're
going to play in this very turbid water,
I would say, you know,
I would say wait for the big bounce for
the sell zone or if it holds this area
above 91, you've got yourself a long
that could easily work itself out into
95. Okay, what's the ideal buy zone? You
know, am I going to say I think it's at
85,000
and some change? If it comes there, I'm
going to give it a go. That's going to
be my sweet spot for the week. That's
where I'm going to try and buy it. What
do I want to do? If it heads to 95 and
it begins a bounce, how do I want to do
that? I want to see a look below and
fail, gets back above there, it's going
to give me the opportunity to track back
up into 90,000. That's what I like for
the space. Potentially, it gives me the
right back up to 95,000
if I'm trading it for several days in a
row. Okay, so that's what I'm staring
down for micro Bitcoin. Let's take a
look at silver.
Silver in a little bit of a fade spot.
Um,
it's bouncing. It bounced really
dramatically, as you know. I am
relatively bearish on this product.
However, holding above 75 is a gigantic
line in the sand in terms of what I am
staring down. Now, let's let's go to the
weekly and you can see that the price
action is clearly bullish. Very very
bullish. So, dips or buys from a weekly
perspective. That being said, we are
incredibly far away from any kind of
moving average, any kind of anchored
VWAP, from big volume. It's just really
expanded dramatically. And so if we draw
the wave from the last big volume day,
which is really um you know several
weeks ago, we can see that this number
up here near 80 and 85
to be a little troublesome in terms of a
resistance zone. Our call walls and our
put walls are much higher. And so the
big put wall is at $70.30.
we break that, we'll probably head down
to 60, right?
That's my thought. There's little to no
volume here. It's very speculative
accumulation. So, you want to be super
careful. Yes, you could say, "Hey, I'm
buying the dip." Absolutely. Watch for
the dip on the bigger time frames
because if I look at a trend line on the
daily and I try to connect as many
points,
that trend line is 60. Now you can see
the slope of momentum
has aggressively changed between this
trend line lower and the larger trend
line. The larger trend line tells us,
hey, in the near term, let's see if we
can hold the 75 area and let it work.
Okay, so that being said, that's what
we're staring down. Where do I want to
put an alert? Of course, you know, I'm
going to put an alert near 75.
Let's draw a line there.
That's going to be the sweet spot.
Actually, no.
The sweet spot for the trade is going to
be this 7450 area,
right?
We're going to give it a little bit of
room,
but we're going to put an alert on here.
All right.
going to make it a little fatter so that
we can see when it comes through. What
do we want to do? If it tests the area
and it bounces,
comes up and recaptures the zone above
$40, excuse me, $7480,
$75.
It's very likely that we turn right
around and bounce back into the frame.
If we bounce,
that means the long action gives us our
support zone here at $74.50
or so. If we fail this area after the
bounce, the trend line formations will
send us down into 7220 and the put
support at 71. If we're staring down
upside pressure, the volume uh point of
control and
uh put support for the zero DTE are
around $77. That's your first target.
Where might we see a big zone to give us
our next line in the sand of resistance?
Okay, shoulder, head, shoulder. Now,
that's pretty ugly. And it could also
already be engaged. If that's an actual
head and shoulders pattern on a 30inut
chart, the range 76 to83 is $7. $7 from
the break of that 76 puts us down at 69,
which is very much closer to our big
trend line number. Okay. So, we're going
to look for me. I'm going to look for an
alert on the sweet spot that says, do we
get above 78
or do we get below 74? And if we don't
get above, if we test 7880 and we lose
the area, we've got short action into
the base.
If we test 7880 and we stay up above
that, then we're going to walk from that
78 to 80 to 83 and beyond. Right? That's
what we're staring down right there.
Okay. Next, let's look at it with
oil settling down just a wee bit. Let's
take a look at the weekly.
Right. Weekly price action still looks
pretty awful frankly. Right. Albert
Marco bought at the 55 level.
So I am going to put an alert there and
make that the sweet spot. Why am I
talking about Albert? Um
I think Albert has a pretty good idea of
what's actually happening with oil. And
this 55 area is a zone that that we have
to keep for a lot of reasons. If that
breaks, we've got ourselves some
problems. All right, so that being said,
that's going to be my sweet spot. We are
clearly far away from it at this
juncture. We're more than a dollar away
from that price point, but I would love
to see it as my zone. Where would I want
to look for a shorting event?
That one's a little sticky. So, I
suspect $58.50, 50s, which is pretty
close to the zero DTE call wall. The
Zero DTE call
um being that 58.50 area. So, I like
that as a potential sweet spot for a
short. If I test 5830 and I do not break
down and lose 58 then I should have an
upward shot into 61 and then into the
point of control which is 63. For now I
suspect that we are sitting between 55
and 58. So those are going to be my
alert structures from a 30inut chart. If
we're playing in between those edges,
gonna be a little bit
messy
from the general formation. Could you
say, "Well, Amarie, I I want to buy
56."
Okay, your stop would be 5570.
That's what I would say. Um,
wait for price to come to you in oil.
If you chase it, you are going to have a
little bit of hurt sitting um in your
[laughter]
in your head space. Okay. Are we
bouncing to the top of this formation?
Potentially, right? I would not be
surprised to see us try and hold this
level. If you want to look at 56, watch
it recover. It's a fair buy zone. If you
don't, you got a dollar all the way down
to 55 and some change. So, that looks
pretty good as well. Let's go to gold.
Let's take a look at
the weekly chart. Still very strong.
Dips are solid buy zones, right? We've
got pressure points of support
sitting at 4,386.
that that looks like a very important
zone to watch. Let's let's take a peek.
We lost it several days ago and then
recovered it. So, it might be better to
look at 4,300
as a really nice sweet spot
for long action,
but a relative formation. Let's go.
Let's choose one hour here.
Our 1 hour gives us a flag pattern.
I don't want that.
It's not a pretty flag pattern. Okay.
The bottoms are holding a little bit
better than the tops, but this certainly
looks like some kind of support edge to
me, right? And that is a put wall
that we're looking at. So, let's look at
as a potential bounce zone, right? What
do we want to see? Alert goes off.
We want to see I'm going to zoom down
into tight time frame and I lift above
it. So, I look below and fail. Gives me
an upward draft into my resistance zone.
My first pocket of resistance looks like
4460, but it is messy. It is very, very
messy.
This one's pretty sticky. I I would wait
for these edges to show themselves out.
We're going to look at 4500. Why? That's
a big fat round number. We get up above
there. You know, we've got 20 $30 to the
north. The call walls are are pretty far
away from us above there. So, there's a
lot of room to run. This is a bull flag.
And so, dips into deeper support will
give us buy zones, right? And so if I
stare down my 4 hour, what my real sweet
spot looks like from a 4hour perspective
does look like 4,400. I just I am not
sure that we pull back below that area
under our geopolitical tensions that we
have going on. Right. I I really I'm I'm
not seeing that particularly. And I do
believe the metals are moving because of
geopolitical tension. All right. Lastly,
let's take a look at SPY.
Okay, SPY doing very nicely. 4hour
chart. This looks like a pattern that
dips or buys. Where is a solid support
structure? $686.80.
Let's try and get close to that number.
That's going to be a dip buying event if
it bounces. If it doesn't, it's going to
be a sell zone into the next line of
heavy congestion. I suspect that that is
the point of control
somewhere around $683. Let's go to the
30 minute and see if that makes any
sense. Yes, it does. It's a gap fill
zone. It's the VWAP action.
We have a trend line break on the upward
structure.
Right there is our you know
let's draw another segment. Make it a
little bit better. We have a trend line
breaking the upward structure here
relatively speaking. Right. So what what
the traders are trying to do is find the
floor and that $686
looks pretty good even from a 30inut
formation. The next one would be the put
wall.
But if we're going to do what I suspect
if we lose 683 we get to 681. All right,
we'll see how those work. Okay, that's
it for me folks. um really wanted to
come in with the one good trade set up a
day for us moving forward. Let's hope my
brain sort of remembers that sort of
thing. And our upward pressure events
still show areas that don't allow us to
have clean breakout action and
continuation. Everything is a brand new
high that collapses and retraces into a
prior uh higher low which still gives
the overall chart bullish momentum. But
structurally right now the traders are
trying to find support. Zero DTE support
for the spy looks like about 685.
Uh the big put wall 680. the big call
wall
to
somewhere around there. There's a lot of
noise here. Okay, good luck trading.
I'll see you on the streams.